Add `DEFAULT ALWAYS` clause to define table (#1163)
surrealdb/docs.surrealdb.com: src/content/doc-surrealql/statements/define/field.mdx

DEFAULT false;
```

### Using the `DEFAULT` and `ALWAYS` clause

<Since v="v2.2.0" />

In addition to the `DEFAULT` clause, you can use the `DEFAULT ALWAYS` clause to set a default value for a field. The `ALWAYS` keyword indicates that the `DEFAULT` clause is used not only on `CREATE`, but also on `UPDATE` if the value is empty (NONE).

```surql
DEFINE TABLE product SCHEMAFULL;
-- Set a default value of 123.456 for the primary field
DEFINE FIELD primary ON product TYPE number DEFAULT ALWAYS 123.456;
```

With the above definition, the `primary` field will be set to `123.456` when a new `product` is created without a value for the `primary` field or with a value of `NONE`, and when an existing `product` is updated if the value is specified the result will be the new value. 

In the case of `NULL` or a mismatching type, an error will be returned.

```surql
-- This will return an error
CREATE product:test SET primary = NULL;

-- result 
Found NULL for field `primary`, with record `product:test`, but expected a number
```

> On the other hand if the value is defined or updated to a number, the value will be set to the default value of `123.456`.

Author: ```suggestion
On the other hand, if a valid number is provided during creation or update, that number will be used instead of the default value. In this case, `123.456`.
```

> on the other hand if the value is definded or updated to a number, the value will be set to the default value of `123.456`.

Author: ```suggestion
On the other hand if the value is defined or updated to a number, the value will be set to the default value of `123.456`.
```
```suggestion
on the other hand if the value is definded or updated to a number, the value will be set to the default value of `123.456`.
```
